# team-profile-generator - April 18th 2022 - Carlos Sabbah

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#Description)
- [Instructions](#Instructions)
- [Links](#Links)
- [Contribution](#Contribution)

#

## Description

This application will generate a unique HTML file using node.js based on the user's input. The user's input will be captured using the inquirer module and the file will be generated using the file system (fs) module in node.js. The HTML webpage being generated will display a dashboard of team profiles including a manager, engineers(s) and intern(s). Each employee will share common properties (from a parent class) such as name, email, and id while also containing a unique property. These unique property include a Github link for engineers, an office number for a manager and a school for the intern. In addition to the HTML file, an existing CSS file will stylize all elements and provide an overall responsive application.

## Instructions

1. Clone the main project then open up the project folder in your text editor.
2. Run 'npm install' in terminal to install node_modules with all dependencies.
3. Make sure you are in the main project folder using the 'cd' command.
4. Then type in 'node index.js' or 'node index' to execute the application and load up the chain of prompts.
5. Answer all the prompts and once completed, your personal HTML file will be created.

## Links

An example of a README.md generated by this application:

Link to preview video of execution:

## Built With

- Node.js
- File system module (fs)
- Inquirer module
- JavaScript
- CSS

## Contribution

Made with ❤️ by Carlos Sabbah
